README.md, before:

# Evolvable-Case-based-Design
 
The dataset and pretrained checkpoints is available at:
+ https://pan.baidu.com/s/1adqooxSNpH4T7rpmq14nYA (code:esi4)

# 1 Description
This repository is the interface of the evolvable case-based design system: an AI support system for urban morphology generation. This system can automaticllay learn the morphological pattern in the datasets and allows users to untorl the floor space index(FSI) and ground space index(GSI) of the generated results.

# 2 Installation
``` 
pip install -r requirement.txt
``` 

# 3 Usage
+ download the repository.
+ download the pretrained checkpoints and put them inside "checkpoints\Shenzhen".
+ run the interface:  
``` 
streamlit run app.py
``` 
![interface](https://github.com/kekehurry/Evolvable-Case-based-Design/blob/main/static/interface.jpg)

# 4 Project Contributor and Contact
The whole project is supervised by: Professor Yubo Liu (liuyubo@scut.edu.cn) and Associate Professor Qiaoming Deng (dengqm@scut.edu.cn), Doctor Kai Hu (arhukai@scut.edu.cn) provided technical support for algorithms and data collection. For any questions about this project please contact the authors by sending email.

# 5 Cite Our paper
Liu, Y., Hu, K., & Deng, Q. (2023). Evolvable case-based design: An artificial intelligence system for urban form generation with specific indicators. Environment and Planning B: Urban Analytics and City Science, 0(0). https://doi.org/10.1177/23998083231219364

# 5 Declaration
Note that the DATA and CODE are free for Research and Education Use ONLY.  

Please cite our project if you use any part of our ALGORITHM, CODE, DATA or RESULTS in any publication.

Commit message:

add dropbox link for data and checkpoints

README.md, after:

# Evolvable-Case-based-Design

This repository is the interface of the evolvable case-based design system: an AI support system for urban morphology generation. This system can automaticllay learn the morphological pattern in the datasets and allows users to untorl the floor space index(FSI) and ground space index(GSI) of the generated results.
 
The dataset and pretrained checkpoints is available at: 
[Baidu NetDisk (code:esi4)](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1adqooxSNpH4T7rpmq14nYA) or [Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/a3rekgah7au7t7k71kxrd/AK4QI30rER6Jhpb4n3Xv5LM?rlkey=zjd2gp0vczpbj627uunw6fnv9&st=4xtww64e&dl=0)

# 1 Installation
``` 
pip install -r requirement.txt
``` 

# 2 Usage
+ download the repository.
+ download the pretrained checkpoints and place them inside "checkpoints\Shenzhen".
+ run the interface:  
``` 
streamlit run app.py
``` 
![interface](/static/interface.jpg)

# 3 Project Contributor and Contact
This project is supervised by Professor Yubo Liu (liuyubo@scut.edu.cn) and Associate Professor Qiaoming Deng (dengqm@scut.edu.cn). Kai Hu (arhukai@mail.scut.edu.cn) provided technical support for algorithms and data collection. If you have any questions regarding to this project, please feel free to contact the authors.

# 4 Cite Our paper
```
@article{liu2024,
  title = {Evolvable Case-Based Design: {{An}} Artificial Intelligence System for Urban Form Generation with Specific Indicators},
  shorttitle = {Evolvable Case-Based Design},
  author = {Liu, Yubo and Hu, Kai and Deng, Qiaoming},
  year = {2024},
  month = oct,
  journal = {Environment and Planning B: Urban Analytics and City Science},
  volume = {51},
  number = {8},
  pages = {1742--1757},
  issn = {2399-8083, 2399-8091},
  doi = {10.1177/23998083231219364},
}
```
